README.md, before:

Mr.Coverage
===========

node js-coverage using mocha, _**alpha 0.0.2**_

## Insallation
You can easily get it installed by following steps
### Step1 : Get your Nodejs ready
Visit [Nodejs](http://nodejs.org)
### Step2 : Download from NPM
```
sudo npm install -g Mr.Coverage
```
`sudo` and  `-g` are necessary because a global executable command `mr-coverage` will be generated in your `/usr/local/bin/` path.
### Step3 : Install jscoverage library
There are two ways to install it. **1**. download and install by yourself from [jscoverage](http://siliconforks.com/jscoverage/download.html). **2**. I have prepared a install.sh for you.
```
cd /usr/local/lib/node_modules/Mr.Coverage/bin
```
Then   
```
sudo bash install.sh
```
### Step4 : Done
After three steps above, you can try `mr-coverage` command in your terminal. Good Luck!

_PS: All installation tests are done in Mac._   
## Usage
For command `mr-coverage`.   
```
USAGE: mr-coverage [project-directory] [spec-directory or spec-files] + (mocha Options below, no need to set file path)
```
`+` is important to split additional `mr-coverage` params and original `mocha` params.   

### Coverage.json
You must set a `coverage.json` file under the root folder. The content of that is a array to mark which file or folder Mr.Coverage should track.
```
[
  'script.js',
  'xxx_folder'
]
```
Right now, coverage.json only support the file and folder format, and it's a white list, that means if you set nothing, coverage report will not show. Btw, the format should not start with `./`. It's always relative to the root folder.

### Example
Normally, `mr-coverage` can be used like this. Suppose you have a nodejs project called "nodeproj" in `/User/yourname/Desktop/`, and have a file structures below:
```
nodeproj      
 ├─ package.json   
 ├─ script.js   
 ├─ coverage.json
 ├─ node_modules   
 └─ spec   
     └─ script.spec.js   
```
Here is the code in `script.js`, simple add/minus/multiply/divide
```javascript
var _ = require('underscore');

_.extend(exports, {
	add : function(a, b) {
		return a + b;
	}, 
	minus : function(a, b) {
		return a - b;
	}, 
	multiply : function(a, b) {
		return a * b;
	}, 
	divide : function(a, b) {
		return a / b;
	}, 
	increment : function(a) {
		return a++;
	}
});
```
Here is the code in `spec/script.spec.js`, only tested add/minus/multiply/divide, the `increment` method isn't included.
```javascript
describe("script", function() {

	var script = require('../script');
	var should = require('chai').should();

	it("#add", function(done) {
        script.add(1, 1).should.equal(2);
		done();
	});

	it("#minus", function(done) {
        script.minus(1, 1).should.equal(0);
		done();
	});

	it("#multiply", function(done) {
		script.multiply(1, 1).should.equal(1);
		done();
	});

	describe("#divide", function() {

		it("1 / 1", function(done) {
            script.divide(1, 1).should.equal(1);
			done();
		});

		it("1 / 0", function(done) {
			setTimeout(function(argument) {
				script.divide(1, 0).should.equal(Infinity);
				done();
			}, 500);
		});
	});
});

```
Here is config in `coverage.json`
```
[ 'script.js' ] 
```
After that, you can run command to get result.
```
mr-coverage /Users/yourname/Desktop/nodeproj spec + -R spec spec/
```
Result image:   
![Example Results]()

Commit message:

update REAMDE.md, set a new demo result image.

README.md, after:

Mr.Coverage
===========

node js-coverage using mocha, _**alpha 0.0.2**_

## Insallation
You can easily get it installed by following steps
### Step1 : Get your Nodejs ready
Visit [Nodejs](http://nodejs.org)
### Step2 : Download from NPM
```
sudo npm install -g Mr.Coverage
```
`sudo` and  `-g` are necessary because a global executable command `mr-coverage` will be generated in your `/usr/local/bin/` path.
### Step3 : Install jscoverage library
There are two ways to install it. **1**. download and install by yourself from [jscoverage](http://siliconforks.com/jscoverage/download.html). **2**. I have prepared a install.sh for you.
```
cd /usr/local/lib/node_modules/Mr.Coverage/bin
```
Then   
```
sudo bash install.sh
```
### Step4 : Done
After three steps above, you can try `mr-coverage` command in your terminal. Good Luck!

_PS: All installation tests are done in Mac._   
## Usage
For command `mr-coverage`.   
```
USAGE: mr-coverage [project-directory] [spec-directory or spec-files] + (mocha Options below, no need to set file path)
```
`+` is important to split additional `mr-coverage` params and original `mocha` params.   

### Coverage.json
You must set a `coverage.json` file under the root folder. The content of that is a array to mark which file or folder Mr.Coverage should track.
```
[
  'script.js',
  'xxx_folder'
]
```
Right now, coverage.json only support the file and folder format, and it's a white list, that means if you set nothing, coverage report will not show. Btw, the format should not start with `./`. It's always relative to the root folder.

### Example
Normally, `mr-coverage` can be used like this. Suppose you have a nodejs project called "nodeproj" in `~/Desktop/`, and have a file structures below:
```
nodeproj      
 ├─ package.json   
 ├─ script.js   
 ├─ coverage.json
 ├─ node_modules   
 └─ spec   
     └─ script.spec.js   
```
Here is the code in `script.js`, simple add/minus/multiply/divide
```javascript
var _ = require('underscore');

_.extend(exports, {
	add : function(a, b) {
		return a + b;
	}, 
	minus : function(a, b) {
		return a - b;
	}, 
	multiply : function(a, b) {
		return a * b;
	}, 
	divide : function(a, b) {
		return a / b;
	}, 
	increment : function(a) {
		return a++;
	}
});
```
Here is the code in `spec/script.spec.js`, only tested add/minus/multiply/divide, the `increment` method isn't included.
```javascript
describe("script", function() {

	var script = require('../script');
	var should = require('chai').should();

	it("#add", function(done) {
        script.add(1, 1).should.equal(2);
		done();
	});

	it("#minus", function(done) {
        script.minus(1, 1).should.equal(0);
		done();
	});

	it("#multiply", function(done) {
		script.multiply(1, 1).should.equal(1);
		done();
	});

	describe("#divide", function() {

		it("1 / 1", function(done) {
            script.divide(1, 1).should.equal(1);
			done();
		});

		it("1 / 0", function(done) {
			setTimeout(function(argument) {
				script.divide(1, 0).should.equal(Infinity);
				done();
			}, 500);
		});
	});
});

```
Here is config in `coverage.json`
```
[ 'script.js' ] 
```
After that, you can run command to get result.
```
mr-coverage ~/Desktop/nodeproj spec + -R html-cov > ~/Desktop/reports.html
```
You can open the `reports.html` file to see the result:   
![Example Results](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7083/7308886152_d549c93f20_b.jpg)
